Changelog updates for 48.21.0 (#2274)
forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode: packages/salesforcedx-vscode/CHANGELOG.md

# 48.21.0 - June 18, 2020

> ## Added

Reviewer: @sfsholden we can now mention the work on Mobile Preview for LWC components https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2266

Author: @lcampos Cool, I will add that entry back in.

#### docs

- Japanese translations for documentation and messages. ([PR #2246](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2246)) -Contribution by [shunkosa](https://github.com/shunkosa)

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - changes for release ([PR #2270](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2270))

Author: I wasn't sure what we wanted to include here, if anything, for the source-deploy-retrieve library.

Reviewer: We do, but we need to word it as supporting Aura and LWC for the performance enhancement stuff cc @brpowell @amandastern99

# 48.21.0 - June 18, 2020

## Added

#### docs

- Japanese translations for documentation and messages. ([PR #2246](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2246)) -Contribution by [shunkosa](https://github.com/shunkosa)

> - Added Mobile Preview Selection for `SFDX: Preview Component Locally`. See [Local Development (Beta)](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/lwc/local-dev) for more details. ([PR #2266](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2266))

Reviewer 2: I'm getting a 404 on the 'Local Development (Beta)' link. Can you please check.
Why is this in docs? Shouldn't it be under Added -> salesforcedx-vscode-lwc ?

#### salesforcedx-vscode-core

> - Added support for Aura and LWC bundle types for beta deploys ([PR #2270](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2270))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Support for Aura and LWC deploys in [Performance Enhancements](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/user-guide/perf-enhancements) ([PR #2270](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2270))
```

or something like that ? I also noticed we didn't update that doc file so I'll open a PR for it in a min

- Japanese translations for documentation and messages. ([PR #2246](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2246)) -Contribution by [shunkosa](https://github.com/shunkosa)

> - Added Mobile Preview Selection for `SFDX: Preview Component Locally`. See [Local Development (Beta)](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/lwc/local-dev) for more details. ([PR #2266](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2266)) -Contribution by [brandonpage](https://github.com/brandonpage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Mobile Preview Selection for `SFDX: Preview Component Locally`. See [Local Development (Beta)](https://developer.salesforce.com/tools/vscode/en/lwc/local-dev) for more details. ([PR #2266](https://github.com/forcedotcom/salesforcedx-vscode/pull/2266))
```
Brandon is part of salesforce so we don't need to add the contribution text
